{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21300\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Ti prester\'f2 dei soldi per venirmi a trovare - Calcutta\
{\listtext	2.	}Come fa uno scoglio ad arginare il mare, anche se non voglio torno gi\'e0 a volare - Lucio Battisti\
{\listtext	3.	}Wise men say only fools rush in, but I can\'92t help falling in love with you - Elvis Presley\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	4.	}This place that is my home I cannot stay - Bruce Springsteen \
{\listtext	5.	}Nobody said it was easy - Coldplay\
{\listtext	6.	}Honey you are a rock Upon which I stand - Coldplay\
{\listtext	7.	}E non sentire pi\'f9 tensione solo vita dentro di me - Francesca Michielin\
{\listtext	8.	}Oh, do you remember when I told you that I'd love you to the bottom of the sea? - Kodaline\
{\listtext	9.	}All I want is nothing more To hear you knocking at my door - Kodaline\
{\listtext	10.	}Buonanotte all'Italia che si fa o si muore O si passa la notte a volersela fare - Ligabue\
{\listtext	11.	}e guidare come un pazzo a fari spenti nella notte per vedere se poi e' tanto difficile morire - Lucio Battisti\
{\listtext	12.	}E ho nell'anima In fondo all'anima cieli immensi - Lucio Battisti\
{\listtext	13.	}Hey little girl is your daddy home Did he go away and leave you all alone - Bruce Springsteen\
{\listtext	14.	}Un silenzio breve e poi La bocca tua si accende un altra volta - Claudio Villa\
{\listtext	15.	}I don't believe that anybody Feels the way I do about you now - Oasis\
{\listtext	16.	}Maybe it's not too late To learn how to love And forget how to hate - Ozzy Osbourne \
{\listtext	17.	}Do you think you can tell? - Pink Floyd\
{\listtext	18.	}A chi non \'e8 mai stato lungimirante e ti dice di guardare lontano - Lo Stato Sociale\
{\listtext	19.	}il tuo culo frega la morte al tavolo in trattative con la felicit\'e0 - Lo Stato Sociale\
{\listtext	20.	}Hanno detto un giovane \'e8 come il Natale O lo \'e8 tutti i giorni oppure non lo \'e8 mai - Lo Stato Sociale\
{\listtext	21.	}\kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
Voglio una musica solo per noi, senza pensare a quella degli altri Una musica che sia un incendio - Lo Stato Sociale\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	22.	}\kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
Non \'e8 sognare che aiuta a vivere \'c8 vivere che deve aiutarti a sognare - Lo Stato Sociale\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	23.	}\kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
Vorrei essere la canzone che ti fa perdere il filo del discorso - Lo Stato Sociale\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	24.	}One love One blood One life - U2\
{\listtext	25.	}Oh, child, wipe the tears from your eyes - U2\
{\listtext	26.	}The more you see the less you know - U2\
{\listtext	27.	}Please stay a child somewhere in your heart - U2\kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	28.	}I want to run I want to hide I want to tear down the walls - U2\
{\listtext	29.	}I have climbed the highest mountains I have run through the fields Only to be with you - U2\
{\listtext	30.	}am I A part of the cure Or am I part of the disease - Coldplay\
{\listtext	31.	}If you never try you'll never know Just what you're worth - Coldplay\
{\listtext	32.	}Just say you'll wait, you'll wait for me - Coldplay\
}